Come a little closer and lend me your
ears.
Don't worry,
you keep yours while I keep mine.
In each episode,
we'll dig into the major stories,
uncover the truth and retrieve gems from
Yarda's blog.
We'll discuss what's right,
bark about what's wrong,
wag our tails at the thrill of discovery
and take you on adventures through the
exciting world we live in today.
So,
fasten your curiosity leash and get ready.
Right then,
coming to you with another episode of the
Yada's Vlog on a Blog.
Tomorrow's news, disseminated today.
Let's dive in.
Welcome to this edition of the Yahowah Blog.
It's nice to be introduced by the Wookie
and to have the Wookie right here taking
credit for his fine introduction and work.
We're going to return to the Tenth
Mizmowr.
It is really a glorious statement of
reality, if you will,
presenting the good and the bad of
history.
The world as Dowd sees it,
he is now speaking of the adversary.
In fact,
it's someone who we just learned is a
fellow named Rahab.
I had not previously known that Rahab is
the devil.
He is this blend of the corporeal
manifestation of Satan and the adversary
himself.
And he is the one that the Zarowa,
in the end,
according to the four prophetic accounts
pertaining to him, takes out.
So the one that Christians would call the
Antichrist,
the one we call the Towrahless one or
the great betrayer,
is in fact exactly that.
I mean, that's...
So much we can learn from Rahab.
It is someone who is conceited.
It's a confabulator.
Someone with an enormous ego and yet a
disdain for anything that could be even a
hint at accurate.
He's vicious and abusive of everyone.
I mean,
it sounds again like you're making a
commentary on Trump's last post or last
statement.
Clearly,
Donald Trump and the devil who possesses
him is Rahab.
Now, speaking of him here,
it says that he lurks in ambush.
He sits and dwells,
abiding and remaining to ensnare, to trap,
lying in wait to harm those who approach
him,
surprising them openly in the courtyards
and courts.
communities right out in the open.
This is ba ha chatser perpetrating his crime
in public view.
towns and cities,
blowing his horn as part of the orchestra.
His intent is to carefully conceal.
And while the central figure,
he is not easily recognized or openly
forthcoming, ba ha misthar,
and he is not commonly acknowledged or
held accountable for his leading role due
to him concealing his motives.
as he kills for stalling lives causing the
death of many and intentionally ending
their lives of the innocent the naqy of
the uncorrupted who would otherwise not be
to blame of those free from uh punishment
exempt from obligations it's from naqah
those who are just essentially empty
vessels clear of entanglements um
contaminants and um pollutants
His sights are set,
his eyes and his focus are on unfortunate
victims, la chelakah,
on the hapless ones who are harmed and
actually should be pitied,
related to chalal, the defiled,
and therefore the most common among
people, waylaying them.
tsaphan
ambushing and crippling them while
concealing his intent such that he isn't
identified as the culprit by them.
This is a brilliant assessment of Satan by
Dowd,
and it's recorded in Mizmowr Lyrics to
Sing, Psalm ten, eight.
The reason I say it's a brilliant
assessment of Satan is that there is
probably the most
diabolical of all lies,
that Jesus is a God,
that Allah is a God,
that Hashem is a God,
when in fact the God of Judaism, Islam,
and Christianity is ha-Satan.
And that's what this is saying,
that ha-Satan, the adversary,
doesn't want to be known as the adversary.
He doesn't want to be called Satan.
He doesn't want to be worshipped as Satan.
He doesn't hide in dark recesses.
He is right there in the open,
in the courtyards and communities.
He's in churches and mosques and
synagogues and the biggest and grandest of
buildings.
He is where people proclaim Jesus to be
a God,
where they proclaim Hashem to be the
Almighty,
where they will claim that Allah is Akbar.
And so this is Satan doing exactly what
he is presented to want to achieve by
Yashayah, Isaiah, actually by Yahowah,
through Yashayah, Isaiah, the prophet,
in the fourteenth chapter,
where it says that he wants to be
known as the Most High.
And so the moment that people come to
realize that the God of religion,
is the adversary and that the actual god
disdains religion he hates it he wouldn't
be caught ever in a synagogue temple
mosque or church they're not houses of god
they're houses of satan
And that's just the reality.
So he lurks in ambush openly in the
courtyards and communities.
And so while he is the central figure,
he is not recognized or openly forthcoming
under that circumstance.
He is the God of all religions in
the world is Satan.
And yet he doesn't want to admit that
because he wants people to worship him as
if he were God.
And yet the consequence of mistaking Satan
as if he were God is deadly.
It's particularly devastating on the
innocent,
on the otherwise uncorrupted who would not
be to blame if they hadn't been deceived
in this way.
So it says that
that this adversary, ha-Satan,
literally has his sights set on
unfortunate victims.
He wants to waylay them,
to lure them in so they would say,
Jesus is king, Jesus is God,
Jesus is the savior, Allah-u-Akbar,
not knowing that they're worshiping Satan.
That's the message of Psalm ten, eight,
you know,
the last place that most people would
expect Satan to be championed and to be
worshiped as if he were God would be
in churches, temples,
synagogues and mosques.
And yet that's where we find Paul's,
Akiba's and Muhammad's Lord.
It is in houses of prayer and worship
inside the most prominent and respected
edifices, erected by man,
that the adversaries laid a strap for
stalling the lives of believers.
It has been that way since the dawn
of the human existence.
It is the most relevant and the least
understood conundrum on earth.
Well,
this is Satan's most stellar achievement,
and it is mankind's most egregious crime
in collaboration with the devil.
Religiously replacing the creator with the
adversary,
billions of souls have been waylaid in the
process,
victimized by the devil as they sought to
worship God.
The calculus between this loathsome
achievement is actually rather simple.
Satan must disguise his ha-Satan,
the adversary depiction,
if he is to accomplish his stated mission,
which in the context of Babylon,
which is to commingle religion and
politics, intermixing truth and lies,
is to rise above the Most High.
The easiest, indeed,
the only way to affect the desired
perspective
of being perceived as superior to Yahowah,
would be to be worshipped as a god
among men.
Beginning in Babylon,
the Lord has used overtly religious and
political people as his stooges,
confusing the ignorant and the irrational
into elevating him above the Almighty,
just as he did with Chihuahua in the
garden.
ha-Satan misappropriates Yahowah's testimony
and then intermixes it with his own
special blend of babble.
To get mankind to play along,
all Satan had to do was to exploit
the worst among us.
Playing to the egos, the thirst for power,
riches,
carnal desires of the likes of Paul,
Akiba, Muhammad, and now Donald Trump.
as long as they are willing to share
a portion of their ill-gotten gain with
underlings,
as long as they were sufficiently fearsome
and militant or verbose and violent,
while still offering hope for a better
life and the hereafter or a better result
in the country.
Make America great again.
The resulting religious and political,
military and economic alliances are
readily available.
to hoodwink and then subdue the masses.
People simply go along.
Many with their program or they're
ostracized and criticized or in some cases
they're killed.
Now,
once these religious and governmental,
militaristic and economic orders are
intertwined and commingled with myths and
just a touch of reality to make them
credible,
the resulting concoction becomes
sufficiently seductive to become popular
and indeed commonplace.
Therefore, Satan, knowing the truth,
counterfeited just enough evidence
of Yahowah's intent through the strokes of
each religious scheme to appear credible,
to appear as if he were God.
Although, you know,
sometimes it's a little wacky.
You know,
you read the Quran and Allah spends all
of his time in hell.
He's torturing people.
He promises carnal desires to those who
steal for him.
He says stealing is lawful and good.
His highest order for men is for them
to surrender to him and then to die
killing for him.
I mean, after a while,
you got to say, all right, all right,
all right.
He's obviously Satan.
And there's even chapters of the Quran
describing
dedicated to satan and you know if you
look at christianity i mean how smart you
have to be to figure out that a
man is not god and that men can't
kill god i mean it's just uh astonishingly
stupid and then you have the guy that
wrote the first fourteen books of
christianity openly admit that he's demon
possessed and yet people can't figure it
out so it is it should be easy
But for some reason, it's not,
at least for most.
So although Satan, by whatever name,
is the central figure of each religion,
the more he has allowed man to imbue
him with human characteristics,
the more comfortable people have become
relating and worshiping him.
Look at Donald Trump.
He is possessed by Satan,
and yet magas worship him as if he
were a messiah.
Now,
to affect this result and the world's most
popular religion,
in particular Christianity,
Satan had one of his most debilitating
demons possess Sha'uwl, Paul,
who was a savage, immoral,
and covetous man with an enormous ego.
and vicious, very much like Donald Trump,
on the road to Damascus.
In control of the Romanized incarnation of
the self-acclaimed rabbi,
Paul would create the religion Imperial
Rome used to subdue the world under the
Roman Catholic Church.
And that is how the final beast,
the whore of Babylon, was born.
That's why Trump is creating the fourth
Reich.
You know, we had the...
roman catholics begins really with
imperial rome the viciousness of imperial
rome uh and goes from imperial rome to
the roman catholic church to uh nazis uh
and as the third reich and now to
the fourth reich always under that aquila
by the way the roman eagle always with
the same colors the same strokes all the
way through so it would be then
by consuming the vulnerable and the
unwary, beginning with Jews,
that these lies would metastasize and
Satan would be worshiped as God.
If you can degrade and dehumanize Jews,
then it's easy to discount the revelations
that Yahowah provided through Jews,
which means that you can discount the
Towrah, the prophets, the Psalms,
the writings,
all of which were written by Jews.
So deceived,
Christians claims that they are following
Jesus, even though he never existed.
Even when it's obvious that Paul's words
have led them to this place,
the religious, political,
or geographic incarnation of Babylon.
While Sha'uwl will forever be the central
figure of Christianity by cleverly
disguising his role behind the man-god
that he crafted to serve his interest,
he is not as easily recognized as such.
You have to step back and say,
what's going on here?
Who created Jesus?
Because he never existed.
It's Paul.
Nevertheless, the words following, but I,
Paul say,
would take precedence over anything Dowd
wrote or Yahowah inspired in the lives of,
well,
that would be in the lives of the
Gentiles,
beginning with the Romans and then the
Greeks,
and they would oppress God's people.
While Sha'uwl Paul remains the villain in
Satan's story,
he was not the first or the last
to do the devil's bidding.
Ezekiel,
it's actually Satan's autobiography.
It's his playbook.
And yet,
even though it demonizes and dehumanizes
Jews,
it buries Jerusalem and it obstructs the
Miqra'ey with cannibalistic expressions of
the Eucharist.
It was placed in the midst of Yahowah's
prophets by Jews.
Such is also the case with Job,
with Jonah, with Enoch, and with Esther,
to name a few others,
which are as counterproductive as they are
out of place and among the prophets,
but belong alongside the Talmud and New
Testament.
You know,
this snare was laid out right in the
open.
Along the path,
people thought that they were following to
God.
It was disguised under the popular and
glittering trappings of religion,
which people think is godly,
when in fact it is satanic.
This reads,
he has set a deceptive trap for humans,
a rob.
He is lying in wait, ready to attack,
lurking and ambush in his lyre like a
thief, kidnapper and assassin.
Where the identity of the one
distinguishing his intent is not
recognized.
Same theme all the way through.
What he is telling you is that the
God of religion is not recognized for who
he actually is.
The adversary, Satan,
he is the deceptive one.
He has done so in the manner of
a ferocious and destructive predator,
similar to a lion or fierce and aggressive
enemy used to depict a person to devour
others as a cruel adversary.
From Arah,
a traveler and a wanderer going from one
place to another whose destiny is to
violently pluck away
from within his tents that he uses to
screen his presence.
Yes, revival tent worship.
Remember that?
in his dwelling places,
which are covered in a screening mesh to
partially conceal what's inside that's
less illuminated in the interior from the
brighter exterior.
You know,
you have the movie The Wizard of Oz
and Don't Look Behind the Curtain.
Yeah,
it's Satan that's pulling the levers,
cunningly, commingling,
and deceptively twisting everything to
craftily ensnare Arabs.
shrewdly and covertly weaving together a
trap,
spinning a web and intertwining a snare,
and then laying in wait to ambush victims,
killing them by catching them unaware.
In this way,
he seizes the oppressed and the
persecuted.
He abducts and carries off those he has
deprived of rights and resources,
the oppressed, the persecuted,
by drawing them away.
into his net.
There's more lyrics to sing Psalm ten
nine.
It's amazing that so few people understand
this.
It was something that I came to appreciate
when writing Tea with Terrace and then
writing
what was at the time,
my first attempt to categorize really
everything about the Quran and Islam as
prophet of doom.
It's now the five volumes of goddamn
religion.
But while I was writing it,
I was struggling to understand why both in
the Christian New Testament and in the
Quran,
the wannabe God of both books and those
speaking for this ungodly construct,
if you will,
condemn Satan as the adversary.
And when the gods were clearly modeled
after Satan and
in search of that answer i had a
friend that actually directed me to the
works of uh of pike who um wrote
the dogmas of the freemasons and as you
move up in degrees into the thirty second
thirty i think it's the thirty second
degree uh freemasonry is when satan comes
out of the closet
And when he says that he is devoted
to being adverse to his adversary
designation,
because only when he can distance himself
from his adversary distinction and title,
is he in a position to be worshiped
as a God.
And then it, of course,
made perfect sense.
I went back and I looked at every
reference,
and that's exactly what was happening.
Satan as a false god was demeaning his
and attacking his adversary title so that
he would be perceived as a lord and
as a god rather than the adversary.
If he's the adversary,
no one's going to worship him as if
he were a god.
But if he can disown his adversary title
and become the Lord God of a religion,
then well, people will and do.
So this is what I have discovered.
I just wish I could get more people
to appreciate this and they would walk
away from the religions.
Well, you know,
As we move forward here,
you'll notice that progressives are
demanding reparations for blacks.
And yet what they're really saying is they
want reparations for Africans,
enslaving Africans and selling a
relatively insignificant percentage of
them three hundred and fifty years ago.
But no one is advocating reparations for
Jews.
Yet it's Jews who were robbed of their
possessions, their freedom, their dignity,
and their lives,
not only by the Romans and then the
Roman Catholics who were vicious to them,
as one here evolved into the other,
but also by Europeans for these last
seventy-five years.
More than any other people,
Jews have been deprived of rights and
resources,
and no one has done more to put
them in harm's way than Sha'uwl.
And that is because this Benjamite wolf
would be their most vicious predator.
He's the one who came up with the
notion that they killed his imaginary God.
What a pile of crock.
But nonetheless,
it has haunted Jews for centuries,
dehumanizing them.
Now, according to Sha'uwl,
prior to rabbinical school,
he was a tent maker,
most likely for the Roman legions.
He was now being shown using them to
conceal his intended purpose and his
actual identity.
He would lurk among the people as a
thief of souls,
camping out like a pedophile next to a
school.
And as we have seen,
his approach was predicated upon
deceptively twisting God's testimony,
cleverly commingling tainted resources
with a steady diet of his own
contradictions.
The resulting brew was intoxicating for
Gentiles,
just as it was debilitating for Jews.
Those who cower and bow down in
submission...
Those who collapse,
downcast and downbeat and hopeless,
and they're bowing their heads and
prostrating themselves.
He crushes and destroys.
He disparages and he pummels.
Treated as inferior, his victims fall.
And that happens by the multitudes who are
associated with him.
Mizmowr Psalm ten, ten.
So on our quest to affirm the identity
of this lone assailant,
we have just been given a remarkably
important clue.
Multitudes are not only influenced by him,
but they also seek to disparage and to
destroy Yahowah's people, treating Yahuwdym,
Jews,
as inferior.
This narrows the field to two infamous
individuals, Paul,
the founder of Christianity,
and Muhammad on behalf of Islam,
both of whom not only abused Jews through
their religions,
but both of whom openly admitted they were
demon-possessed and were controlled by
Satan.
Now,
Well, more easily said than done,
God does not want us to cower or
to bow down in submission,
regardless of the consequence.
Doing so makes an entire population easy
to manipulate and therefore abuse,
which is why God doesn't want men
controlling men in this way.
We are called to be like Dowd and
thus courageous in disavowing and
discrediting these harmful institutions
and recognizing Satan's role in religion.
Yahowah realizes that standing up for Him
and for what is right in the face
of systematic Roman, Roman Catholic,
Islamic, Marxist, Socialist,
Fascist subjugation would have had
torturous and deadly consequences for
those not protected by Him or being about
His business.
Yet, from his perspective,
when it comes to man's most heinous ways,
defiance is far better than acquiescence.
The following position is Paul's,
but not Muhammad's or Akiba's.
From his disposition and inclination,
he says, God isn't mindful.
He no longer responds appropriately and
thus he should be ignored.
He is oblivious and no longer cares.
He is forgetful and should be forgotten.
His presence will not be observed or seen
for the foreseeable future.
Ms.
Moore lyrics to saying Psalm ten, eleven.
That was the concept of the Old Testament
and New Testament,
which is Paul's confabulation,
where he wanted to say that the God
of the Old Testament was out of touch
with reality.
And therefore, that God,
according to Paul,
told him that he had failed and that
it was time for Paul to rewrite all
of the rules and come up with an
entirely different system.
And so, you know,
the whole idea of an Old Testament,
it's the will of a deceased deity so
that the new God could be believed.
This is Pauline Christianity.
Now,
according to this adversarial individual,
God is not only unresponsive
but he cannot be observed.
The implication, therefore,
is to believe whatever Paul and his pals
postulate about him.
And this vacuum of their own making,
they positioned their Dionysian Jesus as
part of a Babylonian trinity.
Replacement theology not only transferred
Yahowah's promises on behalf of Israel,
the Gentile church,
it misdirected what God granted to Dowd,
such that it was bequeathed upon the
mythical Christ.
The absentee and unknowable God of what
Paul would refer to as the Old Testament
was discarded such that he was replaced by
a God whose presence was more easily,
well, not so much perceived, but accepted.
God made in the image of man.
He's not so far away out there in
heaven anymore.
We've made our pretend God a man walking
among us.
Even for an egomaniac of Paul's repute,
this is an extraordinarily bold position
to take in opposition to the living God.
And yet it is the primary justification
for the Christian New Testament.
It also made its way into the Talmud
and Quran to some extent.
If this was not the case,
come up with another explanation as to why
God would want or need someone to pursue
a different means to knowledge, to living,
to salvation especially,
which contradict and demean his own.
Dowd knew that Sha'uwl was wrong.
and wanted God to rise up against him.
The Messiah saw Yah as he really is,
intolerant and uncompromising.
He does not tolerate those who deceive,
particularly those who would confabulate
Gentiles into abusing Jews.
And this is Paul's ultimate legacy.
He says,
you and I are in agreement that you
must take a stand.
It is my desire and your decision to
stand up, choosing to rise up against him,
called imperative,
which is the second person expression of
volition.
Paragagic, emphatically making this point,
cohortative.
Also, the will of the speaker,
who in this case, first person, is dote.
So,
You and I are in agreement that you
must take a stand, Yahowah.
You have decided to lift up your hand,
God.
You will never overlook or forget those
who have been demeaned, impoverished,
and persecuted.
Ms.
Moore, Psalm ten, twelve.
As king, as shepherd,
God's beloved son recognized that for
justice to prevail,
for there to be healing,
for there to be closure.
Those who are evil must be held
accountable.
There has to be a consequence for
corrupting the truth because so many
millions have been abused and billions
have been misled.
Dowd had a backbone.
He sought justice, as does God.
God is not all forgiving.
If he were, he would be unjust.
He would be immoral.
We must have a means.
God must have a means to hold those
who have harmed his people,
who have abused them,
who have demeaned them, accountable.
To ignore or forget...
and thus to forgive the Egyptians,
the Assyrians, the Babylonians,
the Greeks, the Romans,
the Roman Catholics and the Muslims,
the Europeans and the communists,
the conspirators and the progressives for
delegitimizing and dehumanizing Jews and
for the subsequent harm that all of these
terrible institutions and communities,
terrible things they have done to enforce
inflict great harm upon his people, well,
that would make Yahowah an accessory to the
crime after the fact.
It isn't going to happen.
There will be a day of reckoning,
of judgment.
Those who have demeaned, impoverished,
or persecuted Jews,
who have sought to deprive them of their
rightful status,
those who have attacked those serving
Yahowah, they will be condemned.
for perpetrating the most ungodly crimes.
This next question,
as we move forward in this text,
is asked by Dowd of a single Rascha
individual.
We are, therefore,
encouraged to ponder its implications
within this very narrow scope.
It is the legacy of one nefarious fellow,
that this Mizmowr psalm has been assailing
right from the beginning.
One who has not only had the most
negative influence on Yisrael and on
Yahuwdah,
but also the one still adversely
influencing God's people at this time.
Again,
there are three candidates for this.
Paul, Muhammad, Akiba.
two of which admitted that they were
working in harmony with ha-Satan.
On what basis and for what reason does
the fraudulent one, who is wrong, rasha,
wicked, evil,
guilty of religious malfeasance,
discredit and renounce,
contradict and negate God?
Oh, my.
No.
That would be Paul.
Based upon his inclinations, he says,
you will not care about or account for
this.
Yeah, that was his position, all right,
that he could say whatever he wanted.
He could contradict God and claim to speak
for him, all in the same breath.
Psalm ten, thirteen.
So,
Dowd is a man of letters and logic,
of evidence and reason.
He knows right from wrong the difference
between that which is true and false.
As such,
he realizes that Christianity is
fraudulent.
It's a deliberate hoax.
How would he know that Christianity
wouldn't even exist for another thousand
years after Dowd's reign as king?
And that's because he's a prophet.
You know,
Dowd witnessed his own crucifixion.
So, trust me on this.
He foresaw the future.
He knew that a Jew named Sha'uwl,
who changed his name to Paulos,
would deliberately concoct a fraudulent
hoax.
that would defame him,
that would rob him of his title,
son of God, Messiah, chosen one, savior,
and give them to a charlatan,
a complete counterfeit.
He knew this.
He foresaw it.
He witnessed it in the future.
So he understands that its claims
discredit, contradict, negate,
and renounce the words of the God he
has come to know and love.
Frankly, it ought to be obvious
to any informed and rational person today.
So it's telling that Dowd exposed the
religion that terrorized his people,
one thousand years before that religion
was even conceived.
Now I have surmised that this is the
reason for the conflict between Sha'uwl and
Dowd circa ten fifty BCE.
Dowd's bout with the demon-possessed and
Towrah-adverse Sha'uwl as the popular choice
for king was all prophetic,
a harbinger of this debate between the
actual Messiah and the enormously admired,
demon-possessed apostle of the Gentiles,
Paul,
who shared the same name with King Sha'uwl.
Dowd is predicting that Sha'uwl will be so
brazen, so arrogant,
so presumptuous that he will contradict
God,
which is exactly what he did throughout
all of his letters,
believing that he will get away with his
debilitating crime.
This is to infer that Paul believed that
he would rule over the world as Satan's
apostle.
The son of evil came to reflect the
father of lies,
causing the plague of death.
For most of the past two thousand years,
the devil's advocate has achieved the
status both he and his accomplice, Satan,
craved.
Sha'uwl is the principal author of the
world's most popular religion,
and Satan is worshipped as its god.
Now I have proved a thousand times over,
through evidence and reason,
within the five volumes of Twistianity,
all free at YadaYah.com,
often by comparing Sha'uwl's pronouncements
to Yahowah's actual testimony,
that Paul was deliberately lying.
However,
there was a simpler way to discredit his
letters,
one which I shared early and often.
The notion that God failed so miserably
that he gave up, unable to save anyone,
or even communicate effectively,
as Paul claims.
And then that he authorized a murderous,
demon-possessed, barely literate,
Roman-affiliated,
irrational conman to contradict him,
which Saul was.
And to mean his people by misappropriating
his testimony and misquoting him is,
well...
We could say preposterous, stupid,
foolhardy, moronic.
What's your pleasure?
To believe Paul requires ignorance of the
Towrah and the prophets to such an extent
that Paul can contradict the word of God
without consequence,
which is all he ever does.
To believe Paul,
one has to believe that he was not
only superior in intellect and vastly more
articulate than Yahowah,
but also that God was no longer
responsive.
To believe Paul requires a repudiation of
logic, of evidence, and of reason.
And that is why Sha'uwl demeaned the Jews
who could prove him wrong.
while appealing to Greeks and Romans who,
steeped in paganism,
knew nothing of the God of the Towrah
and prophets.
To believe Paul requires antipathy towards
Yahowah's beloved Son, the actual Messiah,
and our Savior.
And it hasn't gone unnoticed.
This is what Dowd would write next.
However,
you do see for yourself the effort that
is put forth to create perversions,
causing trouble and misery, a mall,
that which is distressing and unpleasant,
overtly wearisome and perverse,
requiring burdensome toil.
And you do consider these annoying
provocations,
therefore taking into your hands for
yourself those who remain and who have
renounced prior affiliations those who
have been victimized and the fatherless
you exist to aid and to support miss
more lurks to sing psalm ten four you
see there will be a time of reckoning
of setting things right again.
Hell's angels and the proponents of
religion and politics will be exposed.
They will be condemned for all the misery
they have inflicted.
These annoying provocations of God's
people cannot and will not be overlooked.
In the end, and upon his return,
Yahowah will comfort those who remain and
who have finally answered His call to come
out of Babylon.
Those who have severed prior political and
religious affiliations will be embraced.
The fatherless,
these orphans who continue to seek their
Heavenly Father and find that He exists,
ready and willing to assist them,
will feel comfort.
So during this time of reconciliation,
for the earth to return to the conditions
found in the Garden of Eden,
the religious and the political,
the militant and these caste system
economic influences that have polluted our
earth must be eliminated.
Which is why this reads,
your will is to crush the leadership,
the capabilities of the deceitful one who
is wrong, who is religious.
This one who, by being evil,
severs the relationship through his
improper means,
accounting for his fraudulent religious
malfeasance until you find that there is
nothing left
to be uncovered.
God's going to be thorough.
There is a day,
just seven years now in our future,
where everything that ha-Satan and his
minions like Paul, Akiba, Muhammad,
and those who have promoted Christianity,
Islam, and Judaism,
they're all going to be expunged.
They will literally be incinerated.
All traces of religious, political,
militant, conspiratorial,
anti-Semitic individuals are going to be
incinerated by God.
And in their place,
God is going to restore the earth to
these Eden-like conditions.
He must do this.
He must remove all traces of them.
Otherwise,
the earth cannot be returned to Eden.
There is no opportunity for us to
cultivate the kind of relationship,
the kind of response that God expects and
needs from us to take us to the
next level, to make us four, five, six,
and seven dimensional beings,
to envelop our souls and light and energy.
so god's going to do this very thing
he's going to hold those who have been
religious those who have severed the
covenant relationship through improper
means those who have been deceitful
fraudulent he's going to hold them
accountable he's going to crush those who
have
brought the world to this place,
brought the world to its knees.
It's a time and place where if God
doesn't intervene on Taruwah,
the planet is essentially destroyed as
well as most life on it.
So God's going to cripple those who have
led the flock away from him,
whether believers, citizens, or soldiers.
The snake isn't as dangerous without its
head.
The wolf will be defanged.
And in a way,
it is disconcerting to see Zarowa deployed
in this negative light.
And yet we know that Satan is a
counterfeit by nature,
making it appropriate and instructive.
There is both a trustworthy as well as
an errant shepherd,
a beneficial covenant and one which is
decidedly counterproductive.
The outreach of false prophets can be so
considerable that the sheep stop following
Moshe and learning from Dowd and wander
aimlessly away.
And so in this context, then,
Zarowa speaks of seeds of estrangement,
those which were sown by the world's most
nefarious shepherd.
This is the Rasha of Paul and Akiba
in contrast to the Tsadaq of Moshe and
Dowd.
Though the lexicons don't mention it,
there is a connection between Rasha,
deceiving by being wrong, and Ra,
being irrational, improper, immoral,
and injurious.
Sha'uwl was both.
Therefore,
Yahowah is going to hold him accountable.
And according to what we have just read,
God's going to do an infinitely better job
than what I've attempted,
which is to expose and condemn every false
statement, error, citation,
and irrational conclusion,
as well as twisted expression that Paul
ever uttered and described.
And that isn't as easy as it may
sound.
It only takes a handful of words to
create a lie.
But it requires ten to one hundred times
that many to prove something false.
And between his speeches and acts and
fourteen letters,
there are thousands of raw statements.
Based upon something Yahowah inspired
Yashayah to write,
speaking of the world's leadership,
bowing in judgment,
I suspect that all of those who used
Paul's words to advance their political
and religious agendas will be
co-defendants during this, well,
sure to be prolonged and indicting
presentation by the prosecution.
And while I've admittedly done an inferior
job,
my methods have been valid when it comes
to excoriating Paul and his ilk.
This trial will proceed by comparing
Yahowah's words with Sha'uwl's, with Paul's,
contrasting the truth with the lie.
God is right.
And so when someone annuls something he
has revealed,
contradicts him or alters his message in
any way, they're wrong.
As such, Christianity is errant,
as is Judaism and Islam.
Well, we're going.
to share this next statement with you and
then i'm going to seek cover from a
very very persistent mosquito that is
biting me on the back right through my
shirt can you believe that and and and
so he is way too irritating for me
at the moment so i'm going to read
this next statement i think we're pretty
close to an hour anyway and then we
will uh close our ocean studio for the
evening yeah well
reigns by guiding forever as an eternal
witness gentile institutions and
individuals will be expelled and they will
cease to exist from within his land and
from the earth now it isn't gentiles per
se that are the problem uh and uh
and we cannot ever
present Yahuwd and Yisrael as good guys,
not at the time, not at this moment.
Because during the Exodus,
the children of Yisrael routinely chose
religion and antagonism over being
responsive to Yah.
and accepting what he had to say.
The entire Exodus experience is just day
after day of malcontents,
jarring against God.
So Jews have become more like Gowym
institutions.
They've become more religious and
political than most Gowy.
They've done exactly the thing that God
said don't do.
So we have to recognize that
The whole world is wrong in this regard.
There's not even one in a million people
that are right about God in this regard.
God is going to have his restoring and
eternal witness.
He is going to use him to guide
people back to him forevermore.
And when he does that,
it's the Gentile institutions,
these non-Yisraelite cultures that are
going to be expelled.
They're going to cease to exist from
within his land and the earth.
Now, that's not all of them.
There will be many Gowym who are actually
brought into Jerusalem for the express
purpose of being able to work,
serve during the millennial Shabbat.
So there will be many who are spared.
God ultimately is going to awaken his
people through a gowy, the Nakry,
the observant foreigner.
And there are many covenant members who
are Gowy.
So it's not all,
but it's the Gowy who are acting religious
and political.
They have to be expunged.
And that's where we'll conclude our
program for this evening.
I thank you for sharing the last hour
with us here as we see the long
rays of the sun finally set over the
Caribbean Sea.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.